hey people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2008 british
slasher movie called eden lake
the film flips off in a classroom where
a montessori school teacher enjoys her
moments with the kids as it's the last
day of the week she bids them goodbye
and runs outside to meet her boyfriend
who's waiting for her with an engagement
ring but puts it back once she jumps in
his car
the next scene shows us the couple
traveling along the highway for their
tour the boyfriend assures that it's a
place worth the watch and they travel
throughout the day to reach the small
town by night as they stop at a signal
suddenly some teenagers ride right in
front of the car on their bicycles the
boyfriend sighs and they drive to a bar
where they both witness a mother
slapping her child brutally
the girl named jenny watches in dismay
as the child runs away crying
after their drink the couple goes to
their motel where other people's
arguments constantly disturb them
nevertheless they try to make the best
of their time the following morning they
drive towards the quarry and reach the
woods where the sign board states eden
lake they drive the suv in the woods
past magnificent scenery of the forest
to reach a fenced construction site
jenny jokes about it but her boyfriend
steve assures that the quarry is going
to be amazing
therefore they go around the other side
to finally reach the massive lake
both of them get out and admire the
serenity of the place
gradually they step down the track and
on their way meet a boy who's writing
notes
jenny tries to talk to him but the shy
kid ignores them
therefore they trek towards the shore
where jenny hugs steve in admiration
after a while the couple settles in and
as steve proceeds to have romance with
his girl a group of hooligan teenagers
come around the other end and start
harassing that young boy from earlier
steve states to ignore it and they lie
down but jenny is suddenly awakened by a
dog barking right in her face
the group calls their dog bonnie back
and steve goes in for a swim
unfortunately the dog comes to jenny
again and spits in her face
upon that steve walks over to the kids
who are blaring the music on the record
steve tries to make them stop all this
but the scamps don't bear near to him
and proceed with their stupid insults
after a while one of the kids starts
staring at jenny so she covers herself
up the hooligans then leave the beach
before harassing them one last time for
the day
steve sighs in disappointment while
ginny gives him and i told you so look
as the sun goes down jenny walks along
the shore with some logs and senses
something rustling in the bushes but
upon finding nothing she returns to
steve who has set up the camp
during the night they sit by the bonfire
for a while and then proceed inside
their tent to make love once again but
jenny gets distracted by the distant
cries and howls of some creature she
forces steve to go look for it and after
a while she stops receiving any response
from him
panic-stricken she is about to check
outside when steve suddenly jumps on
jenny and scares the [ __ ] out of her
afterwards they both sleep away
peacefully the next morning jenny wakes
up first and observes the scenery in
order to treat their bellies with some
fresh breakfast they get in the car to
leave but suddenly a glass bottle
punctures their tire
steve immediately concludes it as the
mischief of the kids and changes it
hurriedly with that done they later
drive into the town where the kids meet
them once again and taunt about the tire
nevertheless steve controls his temper
and they go to a cafe where he asks the
waitress about the kids on bmx's
she states they aren't her kids and
starts glaring at them steve ignores her
and after finishing their breakfast they
drive away again
but during their drive he notices the
bmx is in a yard
he parks the car and despite jenny's
protests walks into the house to find it
completely empty he walks around but
there's nobody to be found just then a
man drives to the place and shouts at
jenny to move the suv
after passing her the man walks into the
house and steve senses him as well
the house owner suddenly catches his
steps in the upper room and runs
upstairs calling out for brett in order
to save himself steve climbs out of the
window and notices the kids in the
backyard but he ignores them and climbs
down to finally escape the house upon
reaching the lake again they set up
their camp and steve carries jenny into
the lake they bathe for a while and as
jenny dries up steve comes back with the
diving kit
suddenly she notices that the beach bag
is missing and it had the car keys in it
extremely perturbed the couple walks
through the woods and the desperation
hits them in the guts as they find out
that their suv has been stolen
steve shouts in anguish and they proceed
to look for it after walking for some
time they come into a clearing where the
suv suddenly emerges from the top and
almost runs them over
in the car they witness the rascals and
with one smart look they drive away
the couple now walks through the woods
for a long time until the night falls in
and they come across the kids who are
doing their evil mischief around a fire
steve walks up to them and the main
leader named brett comes forward
steve asks for the car but he states he
doesn't know furthermore steve notices
that brett is wearing his ray-ban
aviators upon which the kid states that
they're his own
exasperation engulfs steve and he
proceeds to attack brett who holds him
in his place
the rest of the kids jump in as well and
the fight escalates to a point where
steve takes out a knife and slices their
dog's throat
bonnie drops to the ground while
everyone stands aside in horror brett
throws the keys and steve apologizes
before fleeing the scene with jenny
brett cries in sorrow and orders to
chase after the couple meanwhile they
run to their car and drive away
immediately the kids are now on their
tail running towards them in the
meantime steve drives to a point where
the car gets stuck on a hill and the
rascals surround them
they break the headlights and break
climbs on the hood but steve reverses
successfully and drives blindly in the
dark due to the uncertain vision they
crash in a fallen tree
jenny wakes up to find steve brutally
injured and stuck among the branches
with the hooligans around the corner he
requests jenny to run for her life
therefore she hides away while the
rascals advance towards the car the
following morning jenny wakes up and
walks to the crashed site to find it
empty she suddenly notices blood trails
along the ground and eventually steve's
bloody shoes
upon proceeding further ahead she
finally locates steve tethered to a post
with barbed wires and chains
finding him in such a devastated state
she starts to lose her cool and the
situation gets even worse as brett
forces everyone of the gang to slash him
once with the knife he forces the
innocent kids as well to cut steve up
while the girl records everything on her
phone
steve howls in agony as the kids come up
one by one and lash away at his body in
the interim jenny tries to connect to
steve's bluetooth and upon getting a
connection she calls 999 for help but
brett cuts it and concludes that jenny
is here
steve shouts at her to run and that she
does the kids start chasing her on their
bicycles while steve struggles to wrench
himself out of the barbed wire
under extreme pain he manages to get
free meanwhile jenny uses a massive log
to throw everyone from their bicycles
and she runs away in the woods
brett gets up and sends harry to look
for steve while all of them chase after
jenny upon coming to a clearing she
locates a guardroom but finds it locked
she tries to get a hold of the
walkie-talkie but the kids arrive there
on foot and approach the guard shack
they discover her hoodie but can't find
her as she lays sprawled on the roof
just then brett receives a call from
harry stating steve's escape meanwhile
the scene shifts to steve who staggers
to the suv to get the first aid supplies
but the alarm goes off everyone hears
the ringing in the woods and turns their
way towards the car while steve limps
through the forest towards safety
jenny also escapes and runs for her life
the scene now shows steve who senses
someone in the bushes and almost hits
the person with the wrench but it turns
out to be jenny who hauls steve up and
they stagger their way through the woods
towards a wooden shack on the river
jenny lays him down while steve begins
to shake violently jenny hurriedly takes
out the first aid stuff and lifts up his
shirt to find the wound to be severely
deep the lacerated gash bleeds
relentlessly as steve almost goes into
shock nevertheless jenny comforts him
and suddenly finds the wedding ring in
his pocket she stares in amazement as
steve tells her that he had plans for
africa in the meantime the teens arrive
on the scene and barge in the shack to
find it completely empty
the camera then pans underneath where
jenny and steve lay silent in the cold
water
steve shakes up with the trauma but
ginny holds him while the kids discuss
the plan above they notice jenny's
footprint but get to leave the place in
search of her as the danger passes jenny
drags her boyfriend out of the water
lays him down carefully and accepts the
rain
steve's condition starts deteriorating
rapidly and jenny leaves him covered
with bushes in order to get help
before
leaving steve gives her a hint about
following the electric pylons
as she runs into the woods and comes
across the pylons the kids on the other
hand also dash everywhere in her search
one of the young kids named cooper
confides to leave everything but brett
forces him back in
on the other hand jenny runs blindly and
accidentally steps on an iron spike the
shard pierces into her foot and she
screams in excruciating pain
whimpering in agony she crawls away and
falls down a ditch where she struggles
to get the piece out of her foot
after incorporating all of her string
she finally yanks it out afterwards she
gets on the move again and crawls her
way up to the ditch to come across the
same shy kid from the start she requests
him to help her in the kid named adam
agrees to take her to her mother he
takes her on a different path claiming
it to be a short one and comes across an
opening where he simply sits on a log
and starts using her phone
jenny becomes suspicious and her
concerns become reality as the whole
gang appears around her and she realizes
that she's been trapped as she walks
away one of the kids knocks her down
upon regaining consciousness she finds
herself tied to a tree along with
steve's dead body
the menacing kids have them covered in
branches and treated with gasoline
brett then forces adam to light up the
match in order to be a part of their
gang
after much forcing adam eventually
lights the matchstick and steve's body
starts to burn while paige records
everything luckily the fire weakens
jenny's ropes and she manages to escape
the kids get mixed expressions as some
of them get worried while brett gets
even more furious and lights adam's head
on fire
jenny watches in sorrow as the poor kid
burns to death under sheer agony
nevertheless she tries her best to
escape and comes across a map
she breaks the glass and gets it out to
trace the location but suddenly hears
the voices behind her
with no choice left she hides in the
hideously stinking trash bin until the
kids pass over
as they leave she gets out covered in
all the wreaking sludge and grabs a
piece of shard to use as a weapon
just then cooper finds her and walks
over to jenny to talk to her but under
extreme fury she turns around and
plunges the shard in his neck until he
bleeds to death
but regret and sorrow engulf her as the
innocent kid dies in her arms the knight
falls in and brett comes across cooper's
dead body his remaining fellows get
anguished upon the whole thing and one
of them tries to call someone for help
but the heinous nature of brett doesn't
allow anyone to go against him and gives
a hardcore beating to the kid until he
goes unconscious
brett then turns to paige but she runs
away for her life and he just stands
there drowning in his own agony
on the other hand jenny stumbles to the
construction fence and gets a sigh of
relief
she runs to the other side and slides
outside into the opening
after a while she drops on the road
where a car stops and she gets in for
her safety as she explains the situation
it turns out that the driver is actually
the brother of one of the gang members
and he's on his way to grab him he
reaches the fence and gets out to talk
to harry behind his back jenny gets in
the driving seat and escapes
successfully on her way away from the
quarry she kills paige by ramming her
with the car
after finally escaping the eden lake
area she peacefully drives away but
suddenly crashes into the yard of a
house after hitting a car
gradually she crawls out and walks to a
party where the people stand aghast at
her condition
jenny faints to the ground and wakes up
to find herself in the living room with
the whole family around her in her days
she suddenly notices the dog in the
house and he goes to eat in the bowl
named clyde and beside it she witnesses
the bull named bonnie
horror strikes her and she tries to
leave just then one of the women gets a
call from someone and the situation gets
tense in order to get out of it she runs
to the bathroom and in no time the
banging starts
the angry housemen break the door and
jenny notices brett standing there with
his elders
the burly guy grabs her by the throat
and she now knows there's no way out now
brett gets sent up to his room while the
men drag her away in the bathroom
the final moments of the movie arrive
where brett deletes all the videos from
the phone and wears steve's aviators
once again and everything fades out
thanks for watching guys
[Music]